Document the x-request-id functionality in ownCloud server (#1615)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/request_tracing.adoc

= Request Tracing

> ownCloud logs the `X-REQUEST-ID` header from clients in the ownCloud log when sent with client requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ownCloud logs the `X-REQUEST-ID` header from desktop and mobile clients in the ownCloud log when sent with client requests.
```

The header helps when clients have a problem communicating with an ownCloud server, because:

. The user can include the value in bug reports; and
. System administrators can filter log files for the header value. 

Storing this information makes searching more efficient, as system administrators don’t have to rely solely on normal log entry elements, such as timestamps and IP addresses.

== The Header’s Value

The header's value is a random string between 20 and 200 characters long.
The string is randomly generated by the client and does not contain _any_ sensitive information.
As a result it should not violate the user's privacy nor allow users to be tracked.

== Required Server Configuration

> Before the value can be stored your web server's log files, your system administrator(s) need to configure two areas:

Reviewer 2: can be stored in your web server's log files.

Author: Thanks for catching that omission, @pako81.

. *The web server:* The web server's logging configuration needs to be adjusted, e.g., Apache’s access and error log format, so that the value is stored in request log entries. An example of configuring Apache’s CustomLog format xref:web-server-configuration-example[is provided below].

> . *Load balancers:* All load balancers sitting in-between clients and your ownCloud instance(s), e.g., _Nginx_, _Traefik_, _BigIP_, need to be configured to pass the header through. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Load balancers:* All load balancers sitting in-between clients and your ownCloud instance(s), e.g., _Nginx_, _Traefik_, _BIG-IP _, need to be configured to pass the header through. 
```

Source: https://www.f5.com/products/big-ip-services
